{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17240\viewh13700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 U.S. Department of Education and Federal Student Aid logo (Start Here. Go Further)\
FAFSA: Free Application for Federal Student Aid\
Help\
Contact Us\
FAQs\
Live Help\
7 Review FAFSA and Apply Signatures\
FAFSA on the Web Submission Confirmation\
\
Congratulations, John-David! Your FAFSA was successfully submitted to Federal Student Aid.\
\
We recommend that you print and keep this page for your records. If you don't have a printer, write down the COMPLETE confirmation number as proof that Federal Student Aid received your FAFSA.\
\
Your confirmation number is: F 009648823 KE 04/21/2009 20:38:01\
\
Your Data Release Number (DRN) is: 2270\
\
Your estimated Expected Family Contribution (EFC) is: 7037\
\
Your estimated EFC is based on the information you provided on this FAFSA. It may change depending on your school's verification of information you provided. The EFC is not the amount of money that you or your family must provide. Rather, you should think of the EFC as an index that schools use to determine your eligibility for federal student aid.\
\
For more information about the EFC, go to www.studentaid.ed.gov, select "Funding" then "Student Aid Eligibility" and scroll down to "How will I know what I'm eligible for?"\
\
Based on your estimated EFC and current Federal Pell Grant requirements, your EFC indicates that you are not eligible to receive the Federal Pell Grant.\
\
However, your financial aid award may include other federal student aid like low-interest student loans and work-study opportunities, depending on which federal student aid programs your school participates in. You might also be eligible for funds from your state or school. All of this is in addition to any private scholarships you may receive. For additional information about scholarships or other sources of aid visit www.studentaid.ed.gov.\
\
What Happens Now?\
\
A. Your FAFSA will be processed within 3 to 4 days. You can check the status of your application by selecting Check Status of a Submitted FAFSA or Print Signature Page under the FAFSA Follow-Up section of the home page.\
\
B. Receive and review your Student Aid Report (SAR).\
If you provided a valid e-mail address, you will receive a notification e-mail with instructions on how to view your 2009-2010 SAR online. You can also print a copy by selecting View and Print Your Student Aid Report under the FAFSA Follow-up section of the home page.\
\
If you did not provide an e-mail address, we will mail you a paper 2009-2010 SAR.\
\
C. Enter our address into your e-mail address book.\
Some e-mail providers will only deliver messages to your inbox if the sender's address is listed in your address book. Add our originating address to your address book: FederalStudentAidFAFSA@cpsemail.ed.gov.\
\
D. Making corrections if necessary\
If you discover you've made a mistake after submitting your 2009-2010 application, you must wait until your application has been processed before you can make corrections. If you have a PIN, you can access and correct your processed FAFSA information by selecting Make Corrections to a Processed FAFSA under the FAFSA Follow-up section of the home page.\
\
Print This Page Print Help\
Exit to FAFSA Home\
Need Help?\
Site Last Updated: Sunday, April 19, 2009\
Privacy\
\
End of Page\
}